You are just a pig born at the head of the door
You can't believe it.
But afraid of being compared by me
speechless
You know what?
Must be jealous that I became the president of your story
Just said so
You keep saying that I'm the only one who didn't say much
Has it changed again?
Wait for me to get revenge on this
Even the current assistant doesn't have to do it
Lurie
What more do you want?
I don't know. It's okay.
From today on, I will never have you as my brother again
Don't make unnecessary explanations
I never want to see you again
Didn't you hear it?
I told you to go
As long as you like.
I'll open the back door for your approval.
Azhan
Come and help
What are you doing?
I want to sell them.
No need, we're not short of money.
Keep it if you like it
I want to sell it.
Then take the money and save it and don't sell it.
I will try my best to give you the best.
aggrieved not aggrieved
It's up to me anyway
I don't want you to put so much pressure on yourself